Technical 
program (Nikita) peer reviews:
	-aiming for at least 2, ideally 3 reviews per paper, we are progressing but expecting people to submit on deadline, above 50% already done
	-by 29th 
	-reminder in next news letter from CEEA  (April 1st)
full papers: 122
0 reviews: 4 papers
1 review: 21
2 reviews: 40
3+ reviews: 57

Update on program development, modes of presentations, workshops status, etc. (Mohammad)
	- schedule is well done, just to add visit to the garden (guided tour) during transition time, do people need to register in advance or just show up? How many people can it accommodate?
	- Should be fine to just show up, multiple people will be there to lead tours
	- Daniel wants updates to make it easier for people to see rooms/workshops with Mohammad
	
Publicity and PR
Update on rolling announcements (Newsletter, social media, etc.) (Richard)
Update on digital swag to include in the registration confirmation email (Richard)
	- Kelowna key pass that is freely accessible and put together by tourism Kelowna, download and show pass to vendors
	- not public, specific for conf. Attendees, but link on website? Double check if it is okay to put on website
	- tourism Kelowna working on a meeting for Monday night, for places to expect people 
	-publicity campaign rolling out, needs content from subcommittees in the powerpoint with updates
Link to the Publicity Page for sub-committees: https://ubcca.sharepoint.com/:p:/r/teams/ubcOKAS-gr-2023CEEAConferencePlanning/Shared%20Documents/Publicity%20and%20PR/Publicity%20Content%20from%20Sub-Committees.pptx?d=wb68f8702a9044b91ae3e74b2d816f1a5&csf=1&web=1&e=kVShqX


Logistics
Update on OC setup for Sunday, rooms, food, volunteers, etc. (Angie)
	-working on the barbeque, should have numbers soon
	-Angie will send map for buses (Andela and Vishal let buses know)
Hassan:
	-ubco rooms check if Stephanie booked institute rooms for Sunday or Saturday
	-cross over volunteers? From ubco to come to OC? We have 1 volunteer per time slot for workshops, +2 floaters (10-14) volunteers 
	-volunteers for KF? Should it be someone associated so they can provide info about planes,...(standing at different spots during the tour)
	-provide them with food? (Eat with other people at banquet or have pizza, segregating?)
	-should they stay to clean up? Catering is supposed to but it looks like we have to pitch in

Update on UBCO setup for Saturday and Mon-Wed, rooms food, etc. (Stephanie)
Update on KF Aerospace banquet logistics (Stephanie/Angie/Vishal)
Hassan:
	-logistics had meeting, list of 14 tasks divided, info on teams channel
Update on UBCO volunteer recruitment (Vishal/Andela)
	-Vishal reaching out to engineering society, Andela sharing with Comp Sci, Hassan comp sci and education

Industry and Sponsorship
Update on sponsorship (Ayse)
	- total 52k sponsorship
	- waiting for fortisBC sponsorship
	- Robert finalizing transactions
	- nonprofit with scholarships for indigenous students 500 $(Alon) - comment added to website to recognize
	-Daniel talking to national sponsors
Update on logo update and plans for sponsorship recognition (Andela)
	
Indigenous Relations
Update on Learning on the Land (Jing)
	- confirmed details from garden
	- need more details for pond tour
	- event description by April 1st, will make revisions
	- Land acknowledgment Monday, welcome Sunday?
	- technically not on West Bank land?
	- one welcome(Okanagan Indian band or west bank), every event land acknowledgement 

Update on Keynote by John Desjarlais (Jing)
Finance
- Dean 20k CEEA loan so we can start charging expenses to that account
Update on budget (Claire)
- all good 
Update on small non-profit booth rate (Daniel)

Daniel 
	- Oxford abstracts and other prototypes are built. 